Ques:
Understanding how to access and manipulate strings.
Basic operations: concatenation, repetition,string methods(upper(), lower(), etc.).
String slicing.

Ans:
A string is a type of object, one that consists of a series of characters. 
Python already knows how to deal with a number of general-purpose and powerful 
representations, including strings. 
One way to manipulate strings is by using string operators. 
These operators are represented by symbols that you likely 
associate with mathematics, such as +, -, *, /, and =.
When used with strings,they perform actions that are similar to, but not the 
same as, their mathematical counterparts.

Manipulate
If you have been exposed to another programming language before, you might have 
learned that you need to declare or type variables before you can store 
anything in them. This is not necessary when working with strings in Python. We 
can create a string simply by putting content wrapped with quotation marks into 
it with an equal sign (=):

Concatenateconcatenate
This term means to join strings together. The process is known as concatenating 
strings and it is done using the plus (+) operator.
Note that you must be explicit about where you want blank spaces to occur by 
placing them between single quotation marks also.

Upper Caselower-case
Sometimes it is useful to convert a string to Upper case. For example, if we 
standardize case it makes it easier for the computer to recognize that 
“sometimes” and “SOMETIMES” are the same word.

Lower Caselower-case
Sometimes it is useful to convert a string to lower case. For example, if we 
standardize case it makes it easier for the computer to recognize that 
“Sometimes” and “sometimes” are the same word.

----------------------------- STRING SLICING ----------------------------

String slicing in Python is a way to get specific parts of a string by using 
start, end, and step values. It’s especially useful for text manipulation and 
data parsing.

SYNTAX
------
substring = s[start : end : step]


EXAMPLE
--------
s = "Hello, Python!"
# Slice string from index 0 to index 5 (exclusive)
s2 = s[0:5]
print(s2)

Output
Hello

->In this example, we used the slice s[0:5] to obtain the substring “Hello” 
from the original string.